in the last 90 days I have made $2.5
million with a conversion rate of
4.2% that means that out of 100 people
going on my website four people buy that
is well above industry standard and in
this video I'm going to give you a full
guide of actionable things you can do to
increase your conversion rate on your
Shopify stores there's going to be a lot
of quick fixes which you can Implement
right away today and instantly see a
higher conversion rate tomorrow so I'm
not going to reveal my store but I'm
going to show you one store which I saw
recently which has everything perfectly
optimized and we do a very very similar
thing to them and I want to break down
their store because this brand
guaranteed also makes over a million
dollars per month and is around the same
level as our store all right so we have
a bunch of things at the same time here
number one is there's an offer
everywhere okay you see it on the
picture you see it here on the banner
you're going to see it later on on the
offer everywhere there's a massive
percentage off and also there's a reason
for that so in this case basically New
Year this is something which 100,000%
Works especially mentioning the
percentage off at multiple places so
it's more visible and look at the logo
it's trash it's nothing special at all
but it doesn't matter right because we
know that the things which actually do
matter are very specific details on the
store which is not the logo not the
design none of that what does make a
difference is something like this that
the logo is actually on the product this
definitely increases trust and I don't
know if it's actually on the product or
if it's just photoshopped on this but
this is definitely something which makes
everything look more legit same thing
with with the trust badges like this
just works all right having famous
magazines in here it it just works like
people are going to trust your stuff
more 100% then we see the whole like
Amazon style reviews over here which is
pretty standard at this point however if
you scroll down a little bit and this is
how we always structure our product
pages as well is you have some bullet
points basically about the biggest
benefits then again there's some sort of
urgency we have low stock 97% sold
almost sold out product has limit
limited availability this is something
you need 100% then you see not only 35%
off but a free gift which is $90 of
value limited time offer get a free
vibrating skin cleansing brush on orders
above $150 amazing and right away you
have the one-year warranty free shipping
free returns you also show how you can
pay an installments all these things are
just great Val value props and are going
to be very very useful to your
conversion R then unfortunately at this
point people just have brain rot and you
definitely need videos you need to have
as many visuals as possible video
reviews are great real up shopable
videos and reals this is definitely
something which boosts your conversion
rate and then you're also going to have
these question bullet points when can I
expect the results is it safe to use all
these things with like Fast instant
results is what works like if you just
scroll on Instagram you're going to see
a bunch of people who tell you how to
get rich quick a bunch of people how to
get beautiful fast how to get healthy
fast how to just have crazy results very
fast this is the thing which works you
can say what you want you can say yeah
scam me whatever you're going to make
more money with your Dr Drop Shipping
Store if you use these things if you
don't want to don't do it now you could
ask yourself why am I not doing this
whole getrid quick thing on YouTube and
the problem with that is that it's so
overdone specifically in this whole
business mentorship Niche is that I
understand that it just like it's it's
cringe with this brand I want to be
super transparent it's a personal brand
I have my face behind it it's a very
different thing to sell some product
online versus actually being the face of
it and standing behind it with your name
and obviously risking a lot with that so
I like to downplay results here but with
Drop Shipping products is just a little
bit of a different story now is it safe
to use these are all questions which
people are going to have this is
basically here to to just handle
objections and you're going to see these
before after results like before after
results are the most important part
especially in the beauty Niche here for
example if you run Facebook ads using
the words before after is really bad
however using day one day 30 is great
and this is something which you should
utilize you you should never say before
after because you're going to get banned
very fast and don't get it twisted
Facebook check your product page they
don't only check your ads okay they they
definitely look at your product pages as
well now if we keep scrolling here
you're going to say see a very similar
thing again which is basically This
Magic Bullet to get beautiful fast
results after 30 days 94% said the skin
feels rejuvenated after using 90% said
it's improved the looks and the feel of
the skin just adding stats from similar
users also definitely going to help and
then we end everything with the good old
testimonials like very classic in this
day and age you have to have to
testimonials you have to have a bunch of
social proof and they also have to be
recent this review here is specifically
placed okay great results with a small
amount of effort this is like the thing
people are looking for and it's also not
10 years old it's very recent every few
weeks they're definitely updating the
testimonials and make sure that they
have good ones in there now in the card
they did a phenomenal job with putting
in a bunch of upsells and adding a bunch
of offers and guarantees and free things
and all these things and it still
doesn't look messy so what they did is
they started with an 90-day money back
guarantee then they also added this add
some money to to unlock the free gift
they're like almost there you just have
to have a few dollars more and then
you're going to get the free gift that's
obviously going to boost the conversion
rate and then you have the upsells here
and there's a few of them so that's good
then you also see how much you're saving
over here you still have the reviews
this all is 100,000% going to increase
your conversion rate and your average
order value if you do things right now
the reason for Shopify being so high
converting is this right here all right
they have these Express checkouts and
it's so easy to just buy with Apple pay
just like double tap away it's very very
simple very convenient for a lot of
people who just use it and the more like
payment options you have the better keep
in mind if you get banned by Shopify
payments and stripe this is something
you can do all right Shopify only allows
you to use these Dynamic checkout
buttons if you're using their native
payment provider this means that you
actually have to stay cool with them and
not just risk everything for quick money
they also have the logo social proof and
the 60-day money back guarantee over
here which is really good and then they
have a bunch of payment methods if
you're missing PayPal if you're missing
one of these things it can cost you so
much money and you don't even know it
all right you you have to have
everything it's very important and then
also having the pre-selected checkbox
over here is just something that is
great I think this is only possible with
Shopify Plus in the uh checkout but it's
generally also possible earlier now let
me show you a few other product page
styles which we're looking into right
now and a few friends of mine are
crushing it with these but basically the
first one I'm going to show you are quiz
funnels they basically start with a quiz
okay and you can just click through this
and type in everything and the cool
thing about it is it makes everything
feel very custom okay it feels very
personalized now when you click on it
basically what happens is you just land
on a landing page right you just get to
the exact same starting position now I
have insights on a few of these types of
funnels and they actually have an 80%
clickthrough rate for the quiz 80% of
everyone comes lands on this page here
however this page has a significantly
higher conversion rate than if the quiz
would wouldn't be there so on paper you
lose out on 20% of the visitors however
the conversion rate on the page itself
makes up for it because it just feels
personalized and because somebody they
they already committed they like filled
in their thing and they're like actively
thinking about about everything so it's
much easier to sell them though and a
little more food for thought is these
types of funnels these basically are
pre-sales pages and they're called
advertorials and these just look like an
article basically they look literally
like an article and um when you click on
it you're basically going to be on the
sales page as well it's the same exact
thing however it just has these like
pre-sales Pages which make everything
look much more interesting and much more
scientific and all these things these
are usually built bu with the platform
funnelish it also integrates with
Shopify now these types of sales Pages
have insane conversion rates all right
however that they are very scammy a lot
of the times especially these Health
Products most of the time they don't
work at all and it's just like you have
to overpromise and like I just
personally don't like running these
types of things so I stay away from that
however if you do it in a non- scammy
way it's obviously totally fine now
pushing the kind of volume we do and
making over a million dollars a month
the amount of split tests we did over
the the last years is ridiculously high
okay we split tested basically
everything and we figured out the best
things and I've actually created the doc
with my top split test and top
actionable things you can just do to
increase your conversion rate and
average order value even more if you
want that doc just DM me split tests on
Instagram and I'm going to send it your
way and the other thing I'm also
offering is a one-on-one mentorship
program for Facebook ads and organic so
it doesn't matter if you're running
Facebook ads or you do organic Drop
Shipping we got your cop covered and
also it doesn't matter if you're a
beginner intermediate or Advanced drop
shipper we have separate programs for
everyone so we make sure that everything
stays one-on-one is actually
personalized and if you're interested in
learning from us in a one-on-one type
environment you can click the link below
sign up for a call and we're going to
see if it's a good fit